docs/milestone-1.md, before:

# The Snake

## App Name: Find the Cause

### Team Overview:
Jacob Rottenberg -- jrott36

### Application Idea:
Paragraph or two describing application and data it works with
A single page web application that allows users to search for different charities, and rate them. Ideally, by typing in a phrase related to a cause they can see a list of charities that support the cause and be redirected to one that they click on. There will also ideally be a group subscribe option where a user can enter their email and automatically subscribe to multiple mailing lists instead of having to go to each site and subscribe.

### Functionality:
Paragraph or two explaining functionality provided by application, how it is used, and how it interacts
with the data it maintains
The application provides a search functionality that allows a user to search charities, a rating system where a user can rate a charity that others can see so that they know what the most popular charity for a cause is, and group subscribe list. These will be used with a text search bar and go option to search. The rating system will either be on a 5 star scale or with a like system (no disliking charities because that's not cool.) The ratings and charities will be in a server-side database. The email subscribe list will also pull from a database where the email subscribe pages can be found to enter the data.

Commit message:

Found Global Giving API and added option to donate

docs/milestone-1.md, after:

# The Snake

## App Name: Find the Cause

### Team Overview:
Jacob Rottenberg -- jrott36

### Application Idea:
Paragraph or two describing application and data it works with
A single page web application that allows users to search for different charities, and rate them. Ideally, by typing in a phrase related to a cause they can see a list of charities that support the cause and be redirected to one that they click on. There will also ideally be a group subscribe option where a user can enter their email and automatically subscribe to multiple mailing lists instead of having to go to each site and subscribe. The option to donate will also be on the site as well.

### Functionality:
Paragraph or two explaining functionality provided by application, how it is used, and how it interacts
with the data it maintains
The application provides a search functionality that allows a user to search charities, a rating system where a user can rate a charity that others can see so that they know what the most popular charity for a cause is, and group subscribe list. These will be used with a text search bar and go option to search. The rating system will either be on a 5 star scale or with a like system (no disliking charities because that's not cool.) The ratings will be in a server-side database. The email subscribe list will also pull from a database where the email subscribe pages can be found to enter the data. The charity organizations will be pulled from the Global Giving API where the donation option will be too.
